Add first steps for new users (#4007)
geodynamics/aspect: doc/manual/manual.tex

You can also look up any of the parameters used in the input files in this manual.
\item Have a look at the \aspect{} GitHub repository. Here you can see the planned developments
(\url{https://github.com/geodynamics/aspect/projects/2}), current issues that others have reported 
(\url{https://github.com/geodynamics/aspect/issues}), and what is currently being worked on 
(\url{https://github.com/geodynamics/aspect/pulls}).
\item Have a look at our discussion forum when your model behaves unexpectedly 
or you need functionality that does not exist yet. The \aspect{} community can tell you
whether they experienced something similar or are already working on the topic.
\item If you experience unexpected behavior that you expect is a bug and this problem
has not been reported as an issue on GitHub, please create a new issue so that everybody
is aware of the potential problem and can think of a fix. When creating a new issue,
it is very useful if you can provide a minimum working example, i.e. a small test setup
that demonstrates the issue and does not require modifications to the code. You can for example

> modify one of the existing test input files, which run on only several cores. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
modify one of the existing test input files, which typically take less than a minute to run using only a few cores. 
```
